README.md, before:

quickhac-ios
============

An iOS-native QuickHAC client, providing the functionality of the QuickHAC [Chrome extension](http://hacaccess.herokuapp.com/qhac) in a convenient format for iOS users.

## Features ##
This app mirrors the features of the Chrome QuickHAC extension — it checks grades on roundrockisd.org. In addition to displaying class and assignment grades, the following features are available:
* Lots and lots of magic
* Even more magic
* Something to do with black magic 

## Copyright ##
Chrome extension created by Yash Aggarwal, Max Ciotti, Tristan Seifert and Xuming Zeng.

iOS app by Tristan Seifert.

### Source Code License ###
The source code is released under the [Simplified BSD License](http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php):

Copyright (c) 2013, Squee! Apps
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Added student picker to iPad UI, base for push notifications (see #11)

README.md, after:

quickhac-ios
============

An iOS-native QuickHAC client, providing the functionality of the QuickHAC [Chrome extension](http://quickhac.com/) in a convenient format for iOS (iPhone, iPod and iPad) users.

## Features ##
This app mirrors the features of the Chrome QuickHAC extension — it checks grades for both Austin ISD and Round Rock ISD students. In addition to displaying class and assignment grades, the following features are available:
* Push notifications
* Lots and lots of magic
* Even more magic
* Something to do with black magic 

## Credits ##
Chrome extension created by Yash Aggarwal, Max Ciotti, Neil Patil, Tristan Seifert and Xuming Zeng.

iOS app by Tristan Seifert.

For more information about components used in the app, please see QuickHAC/assets/acknowledgements.rtf.

### Source Code License ###
The source code is released under the [Simplified BSD License](http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php):

Copyright (c) 2014, Squee! Apps
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
